it was so guys Chris here and I have a
new double storm gameplay for yesterday
but I'm not gonna talk about the
gameplay at all I'm here to tell you
guys about gaming headsets what the best
gaming headset company is and what I
think the best gaming headset is for the
price and things like that
so before I start getting into details
with that I want you guys to know that
I'm not sponsored by any of this come
any of these companies I work
independently solely on YouTube by
myself no one pays me to say anything so
I just want to let you guys know that
before I get in this and you guys think
that I'm paid to say the things I am I
am going to say so just so you guys know
I'll give you a little back back details
in the past I had the original Xbox mic
I think everyone did and then I ended up
buying the turtlebeach x31 and then
after that I ended up investing my money
into a Astro a40 and that's a wired one
the turtlebeach X 31 was Wireless when I
had it so I would definitely say the
Astro gaming is the best headset out
there the best gaming headset out there
and that's because of the quality the
sound quality is really amazing but also
the durability of the headset is really
amazing you can turn it you can twist it
you can bend it you could throw it on
the ground if you're pissed off I mean
not too hard or else you're gonna break
anything if you throw it on the ground
too hard but it's a lot more durable
than any turtle beach headset that you
can buy or any other headset out there
that you can buy for the money now once
you understand that Astro gaming
headsets are a lot more money than the
turtle beach headset but if you have the
money to buy a higher-end turtle beach
headset save a couple extra dollars I
mean not a couple like 50 to 100 extra
extra dollars and then you can get a lot
more durable better quality mic that
will last a very long time the turtle
beach headset that I owned it only lasts
a year eventually the talkback cable
ended up breaking so I had to buy an
extra talkback cable you know I had to
wait to get that in the mail and things
like that yes they do have good you know
customer service but so does astro
gaming they email you back right away
they do everything right away I bought
my headset off of Astro gaming the
website and then I bought my turn of
each one at
that's why I think they do sell Astro
a40 s at Best Buy
Astro 830 s I do not think they sell and
then they have Astro 50s at Best Buy
along with pretty much every turtlebeach
you can get so if you're going to get
the X 41 save an extra $50 like I said
you can get the Astro
eight 30s or a 40s I think the a 40s are
the best and I would definitely say the
wired version of the a 40s is the best
and that's because I had the x31
wireless but after a while the the
interference the Wireless interference
got annoying and what I'm talking about
it's like when you're playing and the
mic starts crackling because of Wireless
interference that is so annoying when I
would play game battles and other things
like that online gaming it would get
very annoying so that's why I decided to
go with a wired headset and plus you
know how often do you walk around your
house with your headset on
I mean maybe when you go get something
to eat or something like that but you
don't really exactly need it and the
Astro a40 cables are very long the wired
ones are very long I'm not sure about
the turtlebeach wired headsets if those
cables are long and then also Astro does
mix amps and what the mix amp is is that
allows you to control the volume like
the voice volume but also the end game
volume so like your gun that's in game
and then voice is like your friends or
people in xbox live chat talking things
like that it allows you to control that
like to pinpoint key and then also you
can control the regular volume as well
I'm so loud up or down you know minimum
or maximum so basically everything that
is on the turtle beach headset like the
actual cable the actual headset itself
is put into what what a stroke calls a
mix amp and that sits like in front of
you or on your armrest or something like
that
so you can control that and it's very
easy to control you know it's not hard
one thing it took me getting used to
when I switched from Turtle Beach to
Astro it took me used to getting to that
but once you get it you know set up
perfectly you don't really have to
change it that often unless you're
playing like a campaign storyline and
you want to like turn your friends down
real fast
so you can hear what the story is or
what the story has to do with so yeah
definitely go with Astro if you have the
money if you do not have the money then
that's not a problem go with turtlebeach
just remember to be very careful with
your headset because you know I hate to
say that it's cheap but it's not made of
the best durable quality mine broke and
I didn't break it myself
it ended up breaking eventually the
talkback cable broke things like that
happened and then eventually I got
pissed off and tore it apart or
something like that took a hammer to it
I don't know I got pissed off and
because it was just a terrible headset
no offense anyone who owns a turtlebeach
I own one as well so it's not like I'm
talking bad about you but if you do have
the money and you're looking to get a
new headset go with Astro but like I
said if you don't go with turtlebeach
they're a good company as well just like
Astro they're a professional company
they've sold millions and millions of
gaming headsets it's just a Astro it's
better sound quality better durability
you know I I would say better customer
service as well and it's it is the
number one gaming headset in the world
Astro gaming headsets with number one
gaming headsets they're sponsored by MLG
the major league gamers use them I mean
everyone on game battles pretty much has
a Astro gaming headset so yeah I hope
this video helped a lot of you guys out
I hope you guys know which headset you
guys want now remember Astro gaming is
the best headset if you guys have the
money if you don't that's okay go with
turtlebeach so if you guys could please
leave some feedback in the comment
section below
also if you guys could give this video a
like rating that really helps out a lot
and if you guys are up to it please
subscribe that helps people grow their
channels and it shows that you support
people's channels and the more people
who support my channel the more videos
I'll be putting out so thanks for
watching guys I'll catch you guys next
time bye